
Changes in Version 0.7-3 (in development)

  o the update() method now has a 'newpars' argument, to supply parameter
    values as a named vector rather than a series of named arguments.

Changes in Version 0.7-2

  o time series data is now stored as 'zooreg' rather than 'ts',
    and fitted(), residuals(), predict() will generally return 'zooreg'.
    The simulation functions will keep to the format of their input data.

  o xyplot() methods for 'hydromad' and 'runlist' have been rewritten.

  o the package now depends on the new version of lattice, and therefore
    depends on R version 2.11.0 or later.

Changes in Version 0.7-1

  o column names are retained in eventapply, it now has a 'simplify'
    argument, and it just generally works better.

  o 'summary' with the 'breaks' argument now returns a zoo object
    rather than a data.frame, which makes plotting easier.

  o fixed bug in print.summary.runlist

Changes in Version 0.7-0

  o the mass balance term 'c' in cwi.sim is now called 'scale'.

  o arbitrary arguments for the model simulation function(s) 
    (i.e. objects which are not to be treated as model parameters) 
    may now be passed to 'hydromad'.

  o new power law routing 'powuh'.

  o new SMA 'awbm'.

  o the 'summary' method for 'runlist' is now much simpler and does not
    include parameter values (as the 'pars' argument did previously).
    Instead a 'coef' method for 'runlist' returns the parameter values.

  o 'summaryOrders' removed, just use 'summary'.

  o fixed another case of hydromad() failing if 'Q' was not given in DATA.

  o renamed 'eventAttributes' to 'eventinfo'.

  o 'width' parameter for 'runoffratio' SMA now defaults to 30.

  o more complete help pages and examples.

Changes in Version 0.6-6

  o the CMD and snow models now run C code when return_state = TRUE.

  o fixed a bug in simulate() and fitBySampling() for models with only
    one (or zero) free parameters.

  o coef<-() method now has an 'all' argument, allowing free parameters
    to be easily updated inside an optimisation / simulation loop.

Changes in Version 0.6-5

  o fixed the case where hydromad() failed if 'Q' was not given in DATA.

Changes in Version 0.6-4

  o snow.sim now has a C code back-end.

  o parameterSets (used by fitBySampling etc) now generates a regular
    sequence along each parameter range, rather than using quantile().

Changes in Version 0.6-3

  o new SMA "snow" -- as function snow.sim() -- from Jarkko Koskela.

  o SMA "runoffratio" now has threshold and mass balance parameters.

  o class of hydromad objects is now c("hydromad.<sma>", "hydromad").

  o the 'fixed.ar' argument to armax.sriv.fit now works
    (and this is used by expuh rfit methods too).

  o hydromad.options("prefilter") now has 3 hard-coded prefilters.
    The 'prefilter' argument is now allowed to be a prefilter-generating
    function (function(DATA)).

  o more information about fit results is printed.

Changes in Version 0.6-2

  o armax.sriv.fit() now takes an argument fallback (default TRUE),
    to return the current best result if the matrix cannot be solved.

  o predict(return_components = TRUE) didn't work.

Changes in Version 0.6-1

  o armax.sim() (and therefore predict()) takes return_components argument.

  o new simple SMA "runoffratio" - and function runoffratio.sim().
    (it scales P by observed flow, so can not be used for prediction).

  o coef() can now be assigned to.

  o update(model, sma = ...) changes the SMA and resets its parameters.

  o changed default hydromad.options("inverse.rel.tolerance") to 1/1000.

Changes in Version 0.6-0

  o "uh" routing renamed to "armax".

  o new "lambda" routing option.

  o better simulation of third order transfer function models.

  o unit tests for transfer functions.

Changes in Version 0.5-4

  o event.clusters() renamed to eventseq()

  o functions getU() and getP() removed;
    use fitted(U = TRUE) and observed(item = "P").
